Issue Template for RFCs (#286)
jvalue/jayvee: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/rfc.md

---
name: RFC

> about: Use this template to track RFC creations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Use this template to track RFCs that should be created.
```

title: "[RFC] <title>"

> labels: rfc, needs triage

Author: Sth like "needs to be assessed by the project owner". I've removed it.
